A glittering gem is not enough.
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.
How was the math test?
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
Don't step on the broken glass.
The stranger officiates the meal.
Tom got a small piece of pie.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.
Christmas is coming.
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
I am never at home on Sundays.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
She did her best to help him.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.
Two seats were vacant.
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.
The body may perhaps compensates for the loss of a true metaphysics.
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
What was the person thinking when they discovered cow’s milk was fine for human consumption… and why did they do it in the first place!?
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.
Let me help you with your baggage.
Wednesday is hump day, but has anyone asked the camel if he’s happy about it?
The lake is a long way from here.
The book is in front of the table.
She folded her handkerchief neatly.
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
The mysterious diary records the voice.
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.
Wow, does that work?
The river stole the gods.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
The old apple revels in its authority.
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.
Mary plays the piano.
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.
We need to rent a room for our party.
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
I checked to make sure that he was still alive.
We have a lot of rain in June.
She was too short to see over the fence.
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
Is it free?
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
If Purple People Eaters are real… where do they find purple people to eat?
I want more detailed information.
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
Please wait outside of the house.
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
She advised him to come back at once.
Should we start class now, or should we wait for everyone to get here?
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
Where do random thoughts come from?
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.
I will never be this young again. Ever. Oh damn… I just got older.
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
This is a Japanese doll.
Hurry!
The shooter says goodbye to his love.
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
If the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy had babies would they take your teeth and leave chocolate for you?
Rock music approaches at high velocity.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand. I still remember it quite vividly.
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
Last Friday in three week’s time I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.